Security page and smaller updates (#10492)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/multistep.md

  * **Proxy URL**: Specify the URL of the proxy the HTTP request should go through (`http://<YOUR_USER>:<YOUR_PWD>@<YOUR_IP>:<YOUR_PORT>`).
  * **Proxy Header**: Add headers to include in the HTTP request to the proxy.

  {{% /tab %}}
  
  {{% tab "Privacy" %}}

>   * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be use mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][8].

Author: ```suggestion
  * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be use mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][1].
  
[1]: /security/synthetics
```

  * **Proxy URL**: Specify the URL of the proxy the HTTP request should go through (`http://<YOUR_USER>:<YOUR_PWD>@<YOUR_IP>:<YOUR_PORT>`).
  * **Proxy Header**: Add headers to include in the HTTP request to the proxy.

  {{% /tab %}}
  
  {{% tab "Privacy" %}}

>   * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be use mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][1].

Author: ```suggestion
  * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be used mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][1].
```

>   * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be used mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This is helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. Used mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting more difficult. Read more about security recommendations [here][1].
```

| Type          | Operator                                                                                               | Value type                                                      |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|

> | body          | `contains`, `does not contain`, `is`, `is not`, <br> `matches`, `does not match`, <br> [`jsonpath`][9] | _String_ <br> _[Regex][10]_ <br> _String_, _[Regex][10]_ |

Author: ```suggestion
| body          | `contains`, `does not contain`, `is`, `is not`, <br> `matches`, `does not match`, <br> [`jsonpath`][8] | _String_ <br> _[Regex][9]_ <br> _String_, _[Regex][9]_ |
```

2. Decide whether to extract your variable from the response headers, or from the response body:

    * Extract the value from **response header**: use the full response header of your HTTP request as variable value or parse it with a [regex][10].

>     * Extract the value from **response body**: use the full response body of your HTTP request as variable value, parse it with a [regex][10] or a [JSONPath][9].

Author: ```suggestion
    * Extract the value from **response body**: use the full response body of your HTTP request as variable value, parse it with a [regex][10] or a [JSONPath][8].
```

#### Fast retry

> Your test can trigger retries in case of failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result-this interval can be configured via the [API][11].

Author: ```suggestion
Your test can trigger retries in case of failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result-this interval can be configured via the [API][9].
```

A notification is sent by your test based on the [alerting conditions](#define-alert-conditions) previously defined. Use this section to define how and what message to send to your teams.

> 1. [Similar to monitors][11], select **users and/or services** that should receive notifications either by adding an `�@notification`�to the message or by searching for team members and connected integrations with the drop-down box.

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Similar to monitors][11], select **users and/or services** that should receive notifications either by adding an `@notification` to the message or by searching for team members and connected integrations with the drop-down box.
```

A notification is sent by your test based on the [alerting conditions](#define-alert-conditions) previously defined. Use this section to define how and what message to send to your teams.

> 1. [Similar to monitors][12], select **users and/or services** that should receive notifications either by adding an `@notification`to the message or by searching for team members and connected integrations with the drop-down box.

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Similar to monitors][11], select **users and/or services** that should receive notifications either by adding an `@notification`to the message or by searching for team members and connected integrations with the drop-down box.
```

> 2. Enter the notification **message** for your test. This field allows standard [Markdown formatting][13] and supports the following [conditional variables][14]:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Enter the notification **message** for your test. This field allows standard [Markdown formatting][12] and supports the following [conditional variables][13]:
```

### Use variables

> You can use the [global variables defined in the `Settings`][15] and the [locally defined variables](#create-local-variables) in the URL, Advanced Options, and assertions of your HTTP tests.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the [global variables defined in the `Settings`][14] and the [locally defined variables](#create-local-variables) in the URL, Advanced Options, and assertions of your HTTP tests.
```

| DNS               | DNS entry not found for the test URL. Possible causes include misconfigured test URL, wrong configuration of your DNS entries, etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `INVALID_REQUEST` | The configuration of the test is invalid (for example, a typo in the URL).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `SSL`             | The SSL connection couldn't be performed. [See the dedicated error page for more information][16].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| `SSL`             | The SSL connection couldn't be performed. [See the dedicated error page for more information][15].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

[5]: /synthetics/private_locations
[6]: /synthetics/api_tests/
[7]: /synthetics/search/#search

> [8]: /security/synthetics

Author: ```suggestion
```

[5]: /synthetics/private_locations
[6]: /synthetics/api_tests/
[7]: /synthetics/search/#search

> [9]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/

Author: ```suggestion
[8]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/
```

[6]: /synthetics/api_tests/
[7]: /synthetics/search/#search
[8]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/

> [10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions

Author: ```suggestion
[9]: /api/v1/synthetics/#create-a-test
[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions
```

[8]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/
[9]: /api/v1/synthetics/#create-a-test
[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions

> [11]: /api/v1/synthetics/#create-a-test

Author: ```suggestion
```

> [12]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_alert#notification

Author: ```suggestion
[11]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_alert#notification
```

[9]: /api/v1/synthetics/#create-a-test
[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions
[11]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_alert#notification

> [13]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax

Author: ```suggestion
[12]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax
```

> [14]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_recoveryis_alert_recovery#conditional-variables

Author: ```suggestion
[13]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_recoveryis_alert_recovery#conditional-variables
```

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions
[11]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_alert#notification
[12]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax
[14]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_recoveryis_alert_recovery#conditional-variables

> [15]: /synthetics/settings/#global-variables

Author: ```suggestion
[14]: /synthetics/settings/#global-variables
```

> [16]: /synthetics/api_tests/errors/#ssl-errors

Author: ```suggestion
[15]: /synthetics/api_tests/errors/#ssl-errors
```
